Current developments of War. in the middle east... 

Let’s look at the historical background first and then the facts of today’s world in general in the context of blazing situation today - 
The US abducted the Venezuelan President, and the state was instantly turned into a vassal state of the US. This one-night operation was not extempore but a carefully strategized operation. “Drugs influx in America” was just a visage. The prime reason was to procure huge resources of oil, about twenty percent of the world's oil supply. So, overnight, the position of the US magnified in the oil rich nations. According to a few analysts, the total value of these oil resources will bring down the deficit of the country by multifold, currently being at 38 trillion dollars. Apart from this, the supremacy of OPEC nations is undermined. 
Background of Iran - Since 1953, the US has been acting in “Iron hand in a velvet glove” manner. The US, then as one of the superpowers (apart from the Soviet Union) appointed its own puppet, Shah , ruling Iran. The religious leaders lost their power. All the austere principles of religion were thrown out the window. Iran was free, the culture was wide open just like any other western country, women with lots of freedom, freedom to wear skimpy clothes, cosmetics and so on. The result was of course, the coercion of religious fundamentalists. With myriad support from the US, the Shah enjoyed power, the aristocracy, and kingly status in a pre-medieval country. However, the conservative opposition leaders were quietly planning the covert operation. They were successful in 1979 in dethroning Shah and his government. Concomitantly, to make the situation for the US worse, the American people working in Iran, including people working in the private companies(US) were taken as hostages. It was extremely tough for the US govt to have negotiations, rescuing the hostages then. Jimmy Carter failed to win the negotiations , finally there was a daring clandestine operation, all the hostages were brought back successfully. So, after 1980 onwards, relations with Iran were tarnished, there were no diplomatic relations between the two. 
Israel, the tiny country besieged by all Arab countries, has been surviving with its aggressive attitude. As we all know, the Jew lobby, the strongest and stealthy lobby in the US. (I call Israel the fifty-first state of the country).

Iran today - The country, though heavy sanctions from the US has been able to  survive. There are several reasons for its unique position of limited supremacy in the region. Plenty of oil reserves could fetch enough cash. China, India and other nations getting a steady source of oil benefited Iran up to a certain extent. In fact, we know that India buys oil from Iran paying them in rupees rather than in dollars. Despite repeated attacks from Israel, Iran could defend itself, however, the nuclear program has been failing consistently. Back in 2008, the Obama administration and Israel compromised the nuclear facility(software) by injecting the virus known as Tuxnet virus. Two nuclear scientists were killed in broad daylight in Tehran by unknown gunmen. 
Terrorism? Yes, very much. Iran supported Hizbullah people in the country, Lebanon for the last 43 years destroying its sovereignty, a christian nation with unique identity as the city, Beirut was called “Paris of East”, a beautiful place to go as a tourist . The recent Gaza war too was supported by Iran, a proxy war. At the same time, Iran enjoys the supremacy in oil and natural gas exports. 
Iran’s defense - The strait of Gomuz, the key region crucial for oil and natural gas transportation has been shut off by Iran as a retaliatory measure.  Not only this, Iran launched missiles against US allies, military bases in the middle eastern countries, UAE, Bahrain, Qatar and maybe others. We should make a note here that until now, China, Russia have not given any statement yet. However, Canada, Australia, Germany have given tacit support to the US. 

What will happen next? Well, this is the question where almost all the analysts are in a quandary. 

My thoughts - Western countries mentioned above will eventually come together. Why? Every western country wants to root out terrorism, once and for all. And where is it? We are all fully aware of where it is, right? European nations are already sick of mass immigration. Not just the immigrants bring their culture, they are trying to practice and impose their religions in their respective nations, not forgetting their unwillingness to assimilate in the mainstream societies. We all have been watching mass rallies against the US attack. So, according to me,  though, today Iran, the Shiya nation attacking Sunni nations, slowly, the muslim brotherhood will gain momentum, stand together against their adversaries, the western nations. 

Impact on the US economy? I will talk about it later.

Please feel free to share your thoughts!!!